What facts do you need to consider for a situation? Since every situation
is going to be different, you need to see is a life or death money.
Do I need What is speed of advance? Okay. Do you want me to make
a decision now? Now, Now, Or do I have time to study it? Okay. Most
times when you hear commanding officers to the bridge, you know how
much time do you make? You know, speed of advance is not good at that
point. So what The vase is, how much time do I have to make? And
you don't think I would say basic firefighter bars? Her brother was
f D N Y 9 11 hours all night yards. Barman, walk into a fire You do
not belong to foster you one into a fire is going to be some aspect
of the fire that will burn. Walk, you assess, Look, feed your team's
fire and, you know, by the way, at the water you have to get our back
up. And you had to put the ship back of the battle. Walk into that
Carter walk. You go far